it's nice to see you as a young adult
kid with all the chemicals in the pool
water that make it crazy anyway how's
Haru
ah you think you're better than me huh
huh I'll kill you Oh kill you he's great
that's dang good to hear son hey you
want to help me with something sure
coach what do you need ah nothing too
big you got an aversion to pepper spray
champ oh hey Nagisa go try to get me to
vandalize a police station again can I
get a ride home what you begin football
and dance lessons last week yeah throw
an arrest on brother look at God work
for good I gotta go man and real fuck it
now ah good thing I wore my Healy's all
of that exhausting work is finished I'm
glad it's over
what work odd to fill the whole thing up
with the hose hose I get it shut up her
look water Hara we can't get it yeah
it's probably too cold
we'll get sick you know what I'm sick of
all your spa ruh I'm assuming direct
control no give me oh my gosh it's not a
gun
everyone step away from the brain he's
shot oh it's right I'm in charge now
Haru we're gonna throw the tablets in
the water now yes I am Haru oh that's
probably not good man this is great
it's too bad Rin ate here a missile
shock zone I tried calling him before I
called you last night need an answer I
came
oh wait the waters too cold good muscles
crazy some even more hot back off I
already called dibs like five years ago
look at how happy he is like an insane
dolphin who's gonna die hypothermia Haru
get out now man you let him into his own
what did I tell you about letting him
into his own don't let him in your zone
I know what I said damn
we need another memo I need to get rid
of these stupid bird keychains
maybe if I whether I'm a bit and call
him antiques I can call him nah I'll
just put them on my Etsy store and bring
it back to school
bitch you gonna be mine I think your
pardon
nothing nothing hey yo real kisaki right
can I ask you something I assume by the
23 recruiting posters and 34 swimsuit
bird things in your bag you were gonna
ask me to join the swim team yeah sorry
but I already joined track but I and my
stop is coming up in three point three
four seconds so you'd have to make the
pitch real quick all right so swim team
right there is good day hey wait I was
actually gonna ask you what size color
you wear come on let me get them digits
baby oh my God look at him Roy oh it
should be illegal to be that side
oh yeah work them legs boy I was just
rooting around in the garbage at this
boy's house and he found this Oh were
you doing in his garbage smelling stuff
yeah we've all been there crap what is
this eh I don't know Haru one of you
shot the Haru that can read why don't we
ask Makoto no the Nagas all laugh at us
Haru I know what it says I can read I
can't read then we should ask me how
about recruiting another member yeah we
could do it you can't do it balls
blah blah blah you need another member
blah blah blah keep kids just leave I've
got like a million papers to grade
and then I have to talk to a guy about
some math
man-ho just basic addition and
subtraction
he was subtracting from my profits so
I'm going to add a few extra holes in
him huh so we need four members to swim
at the gym year-round then Haru Haru
activate protocol blackbird three three
five this doesn't seem like the time for
polka renditions of Kesha song Haru
no three three five oh yeah that one do
that one Haru
Oh looks like whores in a Fae mood
somebody get him a turtle shell and some
silk thank you sir should we stop him
he'll be fine look at him making new
pals hello fellow students hmm huh
swimming bird team all right stop it
before he hurts himself
make a splash Gazzaniga you're lucky no
one trusts you beat the supreme god Toby
combo or Itachi brand new blue yeah
say say say I hope people thought you go
kick kick kick
uh-oh Johnny tanga Oh smash please